The British Library would like to provide public access to archived copies of the following website:

||URL||

Dear Sir/Madam,

The British Library would like your permission to provide public access to copies of your website held within the UK Web Archive. The Library, working with our legal deposit partners, archives UK websites under the terms of the Legal Deposit Libraries (Non-Print Works) Regulations 2013.  This content is collected at least once a year, building up an archive of UK websites as they change over time.  

Under legal deposit legislation, access to the archived content is restricted to the premises of the legal deposit libraries. To highlight the importance of the archive, and to widen access to the archived content, we seek permission from selected website owners to provide public access to their content within the archive.  Where permission is granted, access to the archived websites is made available freely across the web. The public archive can be seen at www.webarchive.org.uk.

If you are happy for your site to be made publicly accessible via the archive, please complete the online licence form ||LINK|| that will permit us to proceed.  Other than providing your permission, this will require no further effort on your part. 

If there are any other of your sites which you would like to be made publicly accessible via the archive, please list them in Any other information or alternatively nominate them for archiving at www.webarchive.org.uk/ukwa/info/nominate.  Information about legal deposit, copyright and how your archived website will be made available can be found in our FAQ pages at www.webarchive.org.uk/ukwa/info/faq.   

Should you require any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact us.

We look forward to your hearing from you.

Kind regards

Nicola Bingham
Lead Curator, Web Archives

The British Library
96 Euston Road
London
NW1 2DB
Tel: +44 (0)20 7412 7263

E-mail: web-archivist@bl.uk
UK Web Archive: http://www.webarchive.org.uk/

